hey everybody what's up welcome to
another video this video's can be an
interesting one I was playing with
swifty and cyber and we were trying this
weird random comp that no one's ever
heard of and we ran into magera
rinehart's and sign house while we were
playing in threes so I hope you guys
enjoy the video don't forget to check
out my partner's channels in the
description all right let's start
worrying then just for now that's five
in the morning why am I out but you did
Ryan I'm sign up this is the ultimate
battle alright i guess that Brandon it
I'm charge I'm getting your rep and one
second babe yep it's all up here I'm
Shockley I'm just sorry I'm dropping a
healing Todd alright already yep it's
got rekt up and everything sorry oh yeah
i got my movies here we go all damn it
there we go what are you planning on
bursting right now all right now I stun
them on that hmm ya body pusher who goes
down i cloned about us sup cyclone the
paladin wow you a hits me for like 45
min of my life
I'm sorry right it was raining right
heart yeah and bashira nope working away
are you serious yeah does this vision
right over you know all freaking way and
that sign ups right there
you